[Music]
no more squats nine exercises to have
the butt of your dreams the internet
seems to be loaded with an enormous
amount of articles geared towards
different workout goals however most of
them contain only general pieces of
information about the training of major
muscle groups today we want to draw your
attention to building a nice derriere
squats are the best exercise for that
purpose but we'll prove that you can add
roundness to your glutes even without
those squats that have already bored
everybody to death these are nine toning
exercises that aren't squats but will
nevertheless help you to build the
curves you desire here's some highlights
from the workout we offer workout zone
anywhere where there's a flat solid
surface like the floor with an exercise
mat on it targeted zones the gluteal
muscles workout performance one complete
workout includes nine exercises each
with 10 to 15 repetitions workout
frequency three times per week the
result a toned and lifted but improved
body alignment and improved athletic
performance
if this suits you then let's try out a
demo version of the workout together
number nine stiff leg deadlift for this
exercise you'll need a barbell or free
weights follow this deadlift pattern
stand with your feet hip width apart and
evenly distribute your weight on each
foot hold a barbell or free weights in
each hand and keep the arms straight
squeeze your butt muscles bend at your
hips to lower your upper body push your
butt back and keep your back flat your
upper body should be almost parallel to
the floor finally push through your
heels to stand up straight repeat this
ten times
[Music]
basic deadlifts are considered to be one
of the most effective types of exercise
for shaping your but in fact this
exercise forces a lot of your muscles to
work simultaneously resistance-band
glute kickback glute kickbacks are
bodyweight exercises that target the
buttocks for this exact type you'll need
a resistance band to do kickbacks
correctly you should take a position
kneeling on the floor wrap the
resistance band around one foot and keep
the other end under your knee with a
flexed foot toes pointing down towards
the floor extend and raise your left leg
so that your foot is higher than your
butt engage your abs as you slightly
shift your weight to the side but keep
your butt steady carefully bring the
foot back repeat this exercise ten times
[Music]
number seven glute bridge when done
properly this simple yet effective
exercise will help you feel how your
glutes work in the movement lay down on
your mat and bend your knees put your
feet hip distance apart but close to
your butt pressing on your heels lift
your hips up off the mat squeezing your
glutes at the top make a straight line
from knees to shoulders lower your hips
back down on the mat repeat ten times
[Music]
number six stability ball hamstring curl
it's a lower body exercise that targets
your hamstrings calves and glutes you
can find a stability ball in any gym and
use it for this exercise lay on your
back on a mat and place your feet on top
of the ball position your legs in such a
way that only your heels are on the ball
raise your hips off of the mat keeping
your weight on your shoulder blades and
your feet pull the ball as close to
yourself as possible by bending your
knees squeeze your butt muscles pause
for two seconds in this position return
to your starting position repeat 10
times
[Music]
lateral leg raises side leg raises are a
good glute workout you can do at home
with just your body weight it's very
simple to perform and most of us know
it's technique from school get down on
your hands and knees with your palms
flat on the mat shoulder-width apart
engage your abs and slowly raise and
straighten one leg up to the side until
it's in line with the hip hold for
several seconds and return to the
starting position repeat 10 times for
each leg
remember not to shift too much weight to
the side and keep your back flat plank
leg raises the following exercise will
make your hip flexors and lower back
work hard do it if you're a beginner or
as a warm-up before the main training
start in a high plank position with your
feet hip width apart lift your leg being
careful not to arch your back and hold
for as long as you can lower the leg
repeat 10 times for each leg when you're
doing the leg lifts hold your spine in a
neutral position also keep your head in
line with your neck exhale and squeeze
the butt muscles as you lift the leg
[Music]
number three dumbbell rear lunge for
this exercise you'll need two dumbbells
for the starting position
stand with your body upright holding two
dumbbells in your hands by your sides
step backward with one leg and lower
your upper body down by bending the knee
and hip of the supporting leg until the
knee of your rear leg is almost in
contact with the floor make sure to keep
your back straight maintain balance and
don't look down make sure that you keep
your front shin perpendicular to the
ground don't allow your knee to go
farther than your toes push up and go
back to the starting position repeat 10
times for each leg the main advantage of
the reverse rear lunge is that you're
putting less stress on the knee joints
[Music]
number two reverse plank hip lift begin
in a reverse plank position with your
back facing the floor put hands under
your shoulders with fingers facing
forwards push your feet into the floor
focusing on driving the heels down keep
your arms straight lift your hips off
the floor and bring your body into a
reverse plank creating a straight line
from your chest to your feet lower back
down repeat 10 times engage your glutes
and back muscles to lift your hips up
the main targeted muscles are the
abdominals lower back glutes and triceps
[Music]
number one fire hydrant those who've
mastered all the exercises mentioned
above can perform the fire hydrant
exercise and its advanced variations
with a resistance band it's a single
joint exercise that focuses on the
gluteus muscles as well as your core to
stabilize your body get down on your
hands and knees with your palms flat on
the mat shoulder-width apart
this is your starting position keep your
back and neck straight and look forward
keep your right knee at a 90 degree
angle
holding your knee bent raise one leg out
to the side until your thigh is parallel
to the floor keep your pelvis stable
then lower the leg to the starting
position
repeat for an added challenge we're a
light resistance band around your ankles
[Music]
remember building a better but takes
time and dedication Plus make sure you
follow a healthy diet how did you like
the work out what other exercises do you
use tell us in the comments below share
this video with those of your friends
who are dreaming of a perfect round but
they will be happy remember to hit the
like button to show us your appreciation
and all you need to do to join us on the
bright side of life is subscribe to our
Channel